ASP.NET minimal hosting model doc migration. (#10230)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/webapp/aspnet-core/01-login.md

### Install and configure the SDK

> To enable authentication in your ASP.NET Core application, use the middleware provided by the SDK. Go to the  `Program` class and between `var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);` and `var app = builder.Build();` call `builder.Services.AddAuth0WebAppAuthentication()` to configure the Auth0 ASP.NET Core SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable authentication in your ASP.NET Core application, use the middleware provided by the SDK. Go to the `Program.cs` file and call `builder.Services.AddAuth0WebAppAuthentication()` to configure the Auth0 ASP.NET Core SDK.
```

Author: Thanks. I learned a lot there.

Ensure to configure the `Domain` and `ClientId`, these are required fields to ensure the SDK knows which Auth0 tenant and application it should use.

```cs
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);
// Cookie configuration for HTTP to support cookies with SameSite=None

> services.ConfigureSameSiteNoneCookies();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
builder.Services.ConfigureSameSiteNoneCookies();
```

// Cookie configuration for HTTPS
//  builder.Services.Configure<CookiePolicyOptions>(options =>
//  {
//     options.MinimumSameSitePolicy = SameSiteMode.None;
//  });
builder.Services.AddAuth0WebAppAuthentication(options =>
{
    options.Domain = builder.Configuration["Auth0:Domain"];
    options.ClientId = builder.Configuration["Auth0:ClientId"];
});

> services.AddControllersWithViews();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
builder.Services.AddControllersWithViews();
```

var app = builder.Build();
```

::: note
The `ConfigureSameSiteNoneCookies` method used above was added as part of the [sample application](https://github.com/auth0-samples/auth0-aspnetcore-mvc-samples/blob/master/Quickstart/Sample/Support/SameSiteServiceCollectionExtensions.cs) in order to ([make cookies with SameSite=None work over HTTP when using Chrome](https://blog.chromium.org/2019/10/developers-get-ready-for-new.html)). We recommend using HTTPS instead of HTTP, which removes the need for the `ConfigureSameSiteNoneCookies` method.
:::

> Make sure you have enabled authentication and authorization below your `var app = builder.Build();` middleware pipeline setup statement in `Program.cs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have enabled authentication and authorization in your Program.cs file:
```
